let's show them on this ipad wi-fi +
3g what we will find with the new
operating system ios 6 that within
you will have little available and that
us thanks to the beta for
developers we can install it
to show you the generality of what
let's find we will not enter
detail in all the features
new since in later
videotutoriales we are going to show you
within the channel first steps in ios
of Katyn Point TV in any way
let's start to review the changes
more palpable than this or six in
this case on the ipad as you see the
adjustments have been organized much more
now we will have it better separated by
segments for example the section on what
what is the connectivity with airplane mode
in the part of wifi the section for
connect bluetooth other devices
here we will have one of the novelties is
the section of not bothering this will be
much more important in the case of
iphone especially so that we do not
bother in case of receiving calls
messages notifications and that
later we will explain you without
However, if we enter the menu
notifications we are also going to
find and is
as we commented on your own
customization of this new
characteristic of the six here what
we can get is that during a
time that we plan to program
be a few days a few works in this case the
iPad this with complete silence also
we can
let's say that establish some
exceptions like the favorites list
that we will explain later something
important that I know that it's going to change about
everything with the arrival of montán lion is
the documents and data shared with
our max mostly because we can
not only save them and synchronize
but also edit them for example with
pages keynote and numbers or applications
compatible with icloud here we will see the
Sound settings for each
moment each event of the system itself
operative ios 6 and here we have another
novelty the privacy what we're going to
get with this is that we can
deactivate or let's say you limit the use
of our information to applications of
third parties as here indicates that
will appear the applications that have
requested access to your contacts what
same happens with calendars
and photographs this will be very important
to maintain our security that
no third party application is going to
intercede in our personal data
the messages will activate and mi6 for
receive the messages through our
idea of apple we remember compatible
also now with mac and soon
mount lion you can download the beta
message on the apple page in the
part of facetime is also going to be
important because now in the 6th we are going
to allow not to do it simply with
wi-fi networks but also if we're
on the street with 3g data networks
safari will also receive some
news not only performance by
course but we will also receive
the lash updates more
smart is to say they are going to
synchronize with icloud to make it
now for example we move to another
ipad with our idea of ​​apple or also
we move to a mark with this idea of
apple we are going to have those same tabs
open and saved to follow
working on any device
here as we see we have the account of
iTunes store and the app store for
synchronize and also of course already the
paragraph of itunes match
here as you see in photos and cameras and that
we have another great novelty is my photos
in streaming what we're going to get
now with streaming photos is that
we can define some users with the
we want to share this
synchronization of such photos
way that will be for example my wife
have another ipad with an apple id
different and we want you to also receive
these photos that we made with our
iphone with our ipad and so on in your
device we can select it for
that that photo album in streaming
also be shared on your reel
this is something that was already happening for example
something similar in the galleries of
mobileme
and here as you see we will have the
twitter integration not only that already
we looked at 25 but also from
facebook here we will be able to introduce
our user keys our
password to be able to perform
different actions for example
share different things in our
social network mark as I like or
perform different things that
we will proceed to show you in others
videotutorials here as you see in the
different applications that have
included in them 6 there are some
difference to start has been included
the application of the watch that you see
before we did not have and that of course
we had on our iphone with the
different options of the world clock
set an alarm that as you see
we can even visualize for weeks
if we add one for example
and we say that it's going to repeat all the
Monday Wednesday and Friday
we already have it here available and
displayed our email
in which we are going to have some novelty
for example the vip lists let's see
as if we add this user to the
vip list what we are going to get is
that a different mailbox is created as you see
as a mailbox for important people
of which we do not want to miss any
message or any information
another interesting application
are the maps the maps have been
completely remodeled and redesigned
in addition all of it of the hand of the own one
apple has different options per
example here as you see we have all the
information we have a preview
we can navigate for example by pressing
how to get there we can select the
current location as you see here we are going to
show what navigation is all
the navigation data is going to
show through if we position ourselves by
example in cupertino that is where apple
has the headquarters as you see here yes that we
will show what the maps are already in
three dimensions so that as you see
is going to look much better on screen and
above all it will show us the
map information in a way
Awesome
it also means that there are other
novelties a lot of news one of
which we like most is in airplane and
rolling with the global let's get
connect through an appetizer in the
television not everything that happens in the
screen of our ipad also ipod
touch and iphone to display it in the
television this again I'll
we will show in a videotutorial more than
more specific way